# CoastalCompanies
In order to streamline the production of Coastal Companies, LLC, the production rates of the company will be calculated using the known history of thier properties. This, in turn, will help the proposal team at Coastal Companies, LLC accurately estimate the price point of a specific property without over or under-bidding. The company will then have a more definitive profit margain while giving the consumer the best price possible. 

To begin, one of the first items that will be taken care of will be the dataset. As of right now, the company uses Sitefotos to track the performance the crews and keep a log of each project that they complete. Although this was initially thoguht to help the company if there was a dispute with a customer, it also serves a purpose in a machine learning aspect. Not only do each of these forms come with a time in and time out (how long the property took to complete), but it also has helpful information such as what services were performed at the site. This includes mowing, weed whacking, weeding, crackweeds, bush trimming, tree trimming, garbage pickup, etc. 

The data from Sitefotos will be extracted and transferred into either an Microsoft Excel sheet or text file. From there, the data will be cleaned up by dropping unnecessary information, such as the photos that are taken and the confirmation number, and add information, such as the time taken and combining the Crew Selector and Additional Crew Members tab. 

Once all of the data has been cleaned, the calculation process can begin. First, the average time it takes to do each property will be calculated along with the median, standard deviation, and high/low extrema. With these preliminary calculations, the next task would be to calculate the squarefootage of each property for the lawn, beds (that are weeded), and other helpful information. Furthermore, this data will then train a machine learning algorithm to help create bids for new properties quickly and easily.
